region: SOUTHERN
state: North Carolina
stateCode: NC
Appetizers:
dish: Cheerwine BBQ Meatballs
description: Tender meatballs glazed with Cheerwine-infused barbecue sauce.
dish: Mini Hush Puppies with Honey Butter
description: Bite-sized hush puppies served with a side of whipped honey butter.
dish: Sweet Potato Crostini
description: Roasted sweet potato rounds topped with goat cheese, pecans, and a drizzle of local honey.
dish: Pimento Cheese Deviled Eggs
description: Classic deviled eggs filled with a creamy pimento cheese mixture.
dish: NC Trout Dip with Crackers
description: Smoked trout dip made with locally sourced trout and served with crackers.
dish: Collard Green and Bacon Pinwheels
description: Flaky pastry rolls filled with seasoned collard greens and crispy bacon.
dish: Main Finger Foods:
dish: Pulled Pork Sliders with Lexington BBQ Sauce
description: Slow-cooked pulled pork served on mini buns with tangy vinegar-based barbecue sauce.
dish: Fried Chicken and Biscuit Bites
description: Crispy fried chicken on mini buttermilk biscuits with a dollop of pepper jelly.
dish: NC-Style Shrimp and Grits Cakes
description: Mini grits cakes topped with shrimp in a creamy tomato gravy.
dish: Sweet Potato and Kale Empanadas
description: Empanadas filled with roasted sweet potatoes, kale, and NC-grown cheese.
Desserts:
dish: Mini Blackberry Cobbler
description: Individual cobblers made with fresh NC blackberries and topped with a dollop of whipped cream.
dish: Pecan Pralines
description: Candied pecans in a buttery caramel coating.
dish: Cheerwine Cupcakes
description: Cupcakes infused with Cheerwine and topped with cream cheese frosting.
dish: Moravian Sugar Cookies
description: Thin, crisp cookies with a rich molasses and spice flavor.
dish: Sweet Potato Pie Bites
description: Mini versions of the classic pie with a dollop of whipped cream.
Beverages:
dish: Cheerwine Spritzers
description: Cheerwine soda with a splash of sparkling water and lime.
dish: Hot Apple Cider
description: Made with locally grown NC apples and cinnamon.
dish: Muscadine Wine or Grape Juice
description: Featuring wine or juice made from NC's native muscadine grapes.
dish: Sweet Tea Lemonade
description: A refreshing mix of sweet tea and lemonade with a hint of mint.
dish: NC Craft Beer Sampler
description: A selection of craft beers from North Carolina breweries.