region: ATLANTIC
state: New York
stateCode: NY
Appetizers:
dish: Mini Bagel Bites with Lox and Cream Cheese
description: Bite-sized bagels topped with cream cheese, smoked salmon, capers, and dill.
dish: NY White Cheddar and Apple Crostini
description: Crisp crostini topped with sharp New York white cheddar, apple slices, and honey drizzle.
dish: Pretzel Bites with Spicy Mustard
description: Soft, warm pretzel bites served with tangy mustard made with New York State craft beer.
dish: Mini Eggplant Rollatini
description: Thinly sliced eggplant stuffed with ricotta and mozzarella, baked with marinara sauce.
dish: Clams Casino Bites
description: Local Long Island clams topped with breadcrumbs, bacon, and herbs.
dish: Apple Cider Glazed Meatballs
description: Tender meatballs coated in a glaze made with Hudson Valley apple cider.
Main Finger Foods:
dish: Mini New York Deli Sliders
description: Layers of pastrami, Swiss cheese, and pickles on rye bread with spicy mustard.
dish: NY-Style Mini Pizzas
description: Bite-sized pizzas with thin crust, marinara, and mozzarella cheese.
dish: Finger Lakes Chicken Skewers
description: Grilled chicken skewers marinated with Finger Lakes wine and herbs.
dish: Potato Knish Bites
description: Flaky pastry filled with seasoned potato and onion, served warm.
dish: Fried Long Island Oyster Sliders
description: Crispy oysters on mini brioche buns with coleslaw and tartar sauce.
Desserts:
dish: Mini New York Cheesecakes
description: Individual cheesecakes with a graham cracker crust, topped with cherry or blueberry sauce.
dish: Apple Cider Donut Holes
description: Bite-sized donuts made with Hudson Valley apples, dusted in cinnamon sugar.
dish: Black and White Cookie Bites
description: Miniature versions of the iconic New York cookie.
dish: Cannoli Bites	Small cannoli shells filled with sweet ricotta cream and chocolate chips.
dish: NY State Maple Fudge
description: Creamy fudge infused with New York State maple syrup.
Beverages:
dish: Manhattan Cocktails
description: The classic cocktail made with rye whiskey, sweet vermouth, and bitters.
dish: Hudson Valley Apple Cider
description: Served chilled or warm with cinnamon sticks.
dish: New York Egg Cream
description: A nostalgic soda fountain drink made with milk, seltzer, and chocolate syrup.
dish: Sparkling Concord Grape
description: Juice	Made with grapes from the Finger Lakes region.
dish: NY State Craft Beer or Cider
description: A selection of brews and ciders from New York breweries and cideries.